Update 113-javascript-classes.md (#1747)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/113-javascript-classes.md

> # Javascript classes
> 
> Classes are a template for creating objects. They encapsulate data with code to work on that data. Classes in JS are built on prototypes but also have some syntax and semantics that are not shared with ES5 class-like semantics.
> 
> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Classes

Classes are a template for creating objects. They encapsulate data with code to work on that data. Classes in JS are built on prototypes but have some syntax and semantics that are not shared with ES5 class-like semantics.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/classes'>Classes in JavaScript</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes'>JavaScript Classes</BadgeLink>
```
